So just a couple more add ons that we're
gonna use, these ones are pretty quick,
they're not gonna be as heavy duty.
So the first one is actions, and
actions are gonna allow you to
simulate different events in your UI.
So we have buttons, let's go ahead and
add a couple of options to those.
Inside main.js you can see add on actions
is actually already installed with
storybook so that's really good
we don't need to add that.
What we can do now let's go
into our Button Stories and on
Primary button first of all first we need
to import it or else it's not gonna work.
So import  from
"@storybook" also if you're getting
errors make sure all your story
books haven't at sign before them,
I did make that mistake already.
And it's going to import from
add on actions with an S, And,
now we can actually go and
simulate a click, so unclick.
Let's simulate an action and let's say
let's simulate a button click a button,
click [LAUGH] a button click, Okay?
So on our primary button, anytime you
click it, lets simulate that, And
if you look down here,
we've got our little Actions panel, and
if you click our primary button,
we can simulate those clicks.
There's not much going on in here,
it's simulating a DOM event, but
you can use this to test the functionality
of your different components.
So like if you have a text field for
example,
with an on change that actually validates
the data being passed in you can do that.
Like if you have the error
state depicted as a red border,
this is a great way to check that.